#summary Some questions that might come up.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

This is brand new and nobody has asked me any questions but if you have some, http://polarcloud.com/rikaichan-faq might have some answers.

The stuff about installing won't work of course, but if you visit the google gallery link on the main page, it will tell you about installing chrome extensions.

File an issue if you want as well.  Or send me a message somehow.

I'm going to go ahead and make up a question or two as well.


= Details =

 # How do I turn it on?
  * Click the 理 icon next to the omnibar.  A help menu should pop up and an on sticker should appear on the rikaikun icon.
 # I turned it on, how come nothing is happening?
  * There could be a couple of reasons.
    # There's no Japanese on the page. rikaikun translates Japanese.
    # If a page was open, before you installed rikaikun, you must refresh the page.  This is because before the extension was installed it couldn't be injected. (Obviously.)
    # On OSX, it can be quite slow to load.  Please wait a bit in this case.
 # Are there Options?
   * Yes.
 # I don't see them.  Where are they?
   * Right now you have to go to the extensions screen and click options there.  In future releases, this will be made easier by right clicking on the rikaikun icon.
 # Why are they so ugly and incomplete.
   * I didn't have time to completely finish, and css is stupid silly sometimes and likes to make my boxes different sizes for no reason.  Please someone create a good options menu for me.
 # Why doesn't it work in text areas?
  * webkit, which chrome uses to render pages, doesn't support detecting text in text boxes or in other form controls.  In the future, a patch of webkit might be attempted.  star issue 16: http://code.google.com/p/rikaikun/issues/detail?id=16 for updates.